>> Brian Holt: So what I want you to do
is I want you to go into your store.js.
>> Brian Holt: So I guess I didn't
talk about what compose is here.
This is us augmenting the abilities of
redux by handing it a Middleware, right?
This Middleware just intercepts all of the
actions and feeds it into the dev tools.
That's all this bit of code is doing,
right?
We're gonna hand it another Middleware,
which is gonna make redux
able to deal with thunks.
So what I want you to do up here is
import thunk from 'redux-thunk'.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here, you're
gonna say inside of the compose function,
apply middleware.
So I guess I have to go import
that as well, applyMiddleware(th).
And up here we're gonna also
have to get applyMiddleware.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: So
just if you're gonna applyMiddleware,
you have to import thunk and
then you have to apply the Middleware and
compose,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now we're gonna have to create
two different action creators.
We're gonna have to create an action
creator that actually goes out and
makes the request, right, the thunk part.
Then we're gonna have to have another type
of action that actually takes the result
of that and
feeds into our redux as an action, right?
So we need the thunk and the actual
action that's gonna get dispatched, and
I'll show you what that means.
So first thing, let's go to action.js, and
we're gonna create a new type of
constant here which is going to
be ADD_API_DATA,
that's gonna be 'ADD_API_DATA'.
>> Brian Holt: And we'll finally get
rid of that stupid ES lint error.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
now I want you to go into types, and
we're gonna make another type of type.
>> Brian Holt: So ActionType will either
be able to be 'SET_SEARCH_TERM' or
'ADD_API _DATA',
>> Brian Holt: Okay, no, no, close.
>> Brian Holt: And then here down where
we're exporting the action down here,
we're gonna make another type of ActionT.
>> Brian Holt: So what are we
going to get back from the API?
Well, in fact, let's actually go run it.
Our API, I still have it running, but if
you need a refresher, it's just yarn api.
And then if I go to localhost
3000/ some valid ID.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is for Master of None.
What does this look like?
Well, it looks like a show, right?
This is the same show.
It's literally the show object because
that's where I'm reading it from.
So the action type is
going to be ADD_API_DATA.
What is the payload type going to be?
Show, right,
that's what the payload's gonna be.
So this is gonna be ADD_API_DATA, Show,
right, because the payload
type is gonna be show.
Does that make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Now we're gonna have to do
one thing up here to show, because if you
look over here, it's getting one more
thing which is the rating, right?
So we're just gonna add
that in to our show type.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's gonna be a string.
You don't want it to be a number in this
particular case because we want it to be
like 9.0.
And if you make it a number,
it's gonna drop the 0.0, right?
So you want the ratings
to always have that, so
we're just gonna keep it as a string.
And actually, this is gonna be
a maybe type because we're not always
going to get the rating back.
That's only gonna be
from back from the API.
And when we pre-load it on the side,
it's not gonna come with rating data.
So we're gonna make that
rating data a maybe type.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now let's go back to reducers.
Okay, we're going to import ADD_API_DATA.
So again, just to be clear,
right now everything that we're doing is
just the synchronous normal action types.
We haven't done anything asynchronous yet.
So we have const searchTerm here and what
we're gonna have here is const apiData.
>> Brian Holt: The default state of
this is going to be an empty object.
And the action is going to be,
of course, an Action.
>> Brian Holt: So
how are we gonna store this apiData?
I found a useful way to do is to
store as a key value store, right?
Because every time we go to the API,
we want to store in a way that
we can easily retrieve it.
So we're going to store it within
an object where the imdbID is actually
going to be the key, and the value of that
is going to be the show object, right?
So that way in the future if I navigate
to Orange is the New Black, and
then I back out of it, and then I go back
to Orange is the New Black, I can just get
the data out of redux and I don't have
to request it again from the API, right?
First thing you're gonna do
is just like in searchTerm
you're gonna say if
action.type === ADD_API_DATA.
So another thing that we're kind
of doing here behind the scenes,
which you may not have noticed,
is this is another type refinement
here which I think is pretty clever.
So as soon as I establish that action.type
is triple equal to add API data,
what do I know about the payload.
I know for a fact the payload is
going to be a shell, so I can start
saying like action.payload.rating and
my type check is cool.
I know that's gonna be there
because you checked to see
if the type is an ADD_API_DATA.
It is, cool,
I know exactly what payload is.
By the same token, I can say return
action.payload.toUpperCase () here, right?
This is not gonna fail because
this knows that's a stream.
I know that's a stream.
Whereas if I and say map, right,
I don’t think that’s
a function on strings.
It’s going to say, hey,
action payload's a string and
it doesn’t have a map feature on it.
So that’s cool,
that’s how we able to do that.
This is a type refinement right here,
it kinda happened behind the scenes.
>> Brian Holt: I think it's cool, you
can disagree with me, you're just wrong,
that's all.
I'm just kidding.
Okay, so what we're going to do
here is we're going to return,
if it is in fact ADD_API_DATA
is the action type.
We're gonna do object.assign({}),
new object, right?
state, so we're gonna keep
everything that we had before,
then we're going to return a new object.
So what we want is,
we want the key here to be
whatever the IMDB ID of
the new thing that we got.
So the way we're gonna do
that is we're gonna say,
[action.payload.imdbID].
These square brackets around it mean I
want this to be actually what it is,
so [action.payload.imdbID].
It's gonna take that string and
make that the key, okay?
Then, we'll say action.payload.
>> Brian Holt: This would have been
similar like if you wanted to do it
a different way,
const key = action.payload.imdbID.
And then you could have
said const obj = {}.
You could have said obj[key]
= action.payload, right?
And now object would be
what you would put here.
This is just the new ES6
way of doing dynamic keys,
right, or dynamic key names.
Does that make sense?
Okay, cool, cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then if it's not
an ADD_API_DATA action, what do we do?
Just return whatever was there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, then down here,
the name of our key and
our state is going to be called apiData,
right?
So we can just do, apiData.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
so that's the reducer.
Now we're set up to be storing
these API data results.